Add: Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test (#23)
Quantco/datajudge: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

1.1.0 - 2022.06.01
------------------

**New feature: Statistical Tests**

> - Implemented a :class:`~datajudge.BetweenRequirement` constraint running a Kolmogorov Smirnov test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented a new constraint :class:`~datajudge...` for :class:`~datajudge.BetweenRequirement` that performs a [Kolmogorov-Smirnov test](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kolmogorov%E2%80%93Smirnov_test) between two data sources.
```

You'd still need to fix the class reference for the constraint.

> **New method: get_column**

Reviewer: I'd omit this one. It's an internal detail of the library and not part of what a user of this library needs in order to make data tests.

Author: Oh okay, I thought the changelog is also directed towards possible developers wanting to extend the library -- either officially or with their own constraints.

Author: I thought the titles `**title**` are splitting sections and that made it clear. I'm new to `.rst` files, is there any convention we're following or I can lookup?
At first glance, I found [this](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-0132.html), which is, of course, from a different domain but was nevertheless referenced in a few places.

Author: Regarding conversation resolving: Sorry! I was cleaning up because I was losing track of some of the tasks. Makes sense of course; basic PR etiquette.

Reviewer: No convention. And indeed you were having sections, but I meant not to just say "new features" or "new method" but to split into a user relevant section and a developer relevant section.
